Let's just go test this out briefly, and then we'll be good.
So first of all, make sure your API server is still running.
I still have mine running here in the background.
So you can see all these requests coming through just fine.
Let's go to inside pizza.
We're going to do inside pizza, inside the div, under the paragraph.
So here we're going to put an image.
Source equals props.image.
And the alt is just going to be props.name.
And then self-close that.
So now we'll start having an image, and then we have to go provide that to it.
So that's good.
So this is the line here.
Line 6 is what I added.
Now go to app.jsx.
And for all of these, we're just going to go add an image.
And I'm going to do the fun thing where you can do multiple cursors at once.
Image equals slash public slash pizzas slash pepperoni.
Webp.
And then we'll just change this for the Hawaiian one.
We'll put Hawaiian.
And for the American, I don't have a picture of that.
Thank God I didn't want to scare anybody.
So we'll just put big meat because that's what I did.
I do have that one.
Okay, you'll see that eventually it's like the lines get too long.
It'll start putting all these on their own lines.
I think it actually makes it pretty easy.
It's pretty readable.
So image, that's the one there that we put in those three lines.
The reason why this works now is that we have public available to us.
And again, if we go back to our GitHub here,
in the public directory, you see we have style.
We have a nice SVG there.
We have a font that we can use later.
And then we have a bunch of these images.
Webp, if you're not familiar with it, is just a file format from Google
that's more efficient than JPEG or PNG or some of those.
It's also what ChatGPT generates, and these are all from ChatGPT.
So if they look strangely unappetizing,
that's because that looks terrible.
You can see all the...
I think those are supposed to be sardines.
Fantastic.
I'm glad I picked the disgusting one.
Not all of them are that bad.
All right.
So you can see now we have pictures showing up here.
And pretty cool.
One more thing that I want you to go add.
Go to your index.html.
We're going to put a link title here.
A link title.
Link CSS.
And that is just going to go to
slash public.
Is it style or is it styles?
I can never remember.
What did I do here?
Style.
Okay.
Slash public slash style.
Right there.
In your index.html.
Okay.
And you should end up with something like...
This.
Now we're at O3.jsx.
So if you're behind or something didn't work
and you want to go take a look,
just go pop into O3.jsx.
Which is this one.
That is where we are.
And again, just to make sure that it's clear,
you need to run two npm processes at the same time.
Okay.
You have to be running your API server.
So you have to go into API, npm run dev or run start.
You also need Vite running at the same time.
So in a different terminal.
So open a new terminal or if you're in VS Code like me,
you can click this little plus sign here.
That'll make something.
Or you can click the split.
That works as well.
Just a second terminal, however you choose to manifest it.
Do that and then you'll run npm run dev
inside of your project as well.
So you have both the API server running.
Just leave that running.
You don't have to stop that again.
And then your Vite server will be running as well.
Thank you.